README.md, before:

# Inter-Planetary Content Delivery (IPCD)

**Technical Whitepaper**

A client-driven performance optimization protocol for the Neova decentralized storage network, transforming it into an intelligent, native Content Delivery Network (CDN).

## Overview

IPCD transforms Neova's robust decentralized storage network into an intelligent CDN by shifting the paradigm of network routing from a centralized server-side model to a dynamic, client-driven one. By allowing clients to algorithmically benchmark and select the optimal data retrieval path in real-time, IPCD fundamentally enhances performance, fortifies network resilience, and actualizes the promise of true decentralization.

## Compiling the Document

This document is written in [Typst](https://typst.app/), a modern markup-based typesetting system.

### Prerequisites

- Install Typst: Follow the installation instructions at [https://github.com/typst/typst](https://github.com/typst/typst)

### Compilation Commands

#### Compile to PDF

```bash
typst compile main.typ main.pdf
```

#### Compile to SVG (for web display)

```bash
typst compile main.typ doc/main-{p}.svg
```

This generates separate SVG files for each page in the `doc/` folder (`doc/main-1.svg`, `doc/main-2.svg`, etc.).

#### Compile to Other Formats

**PNG (multiple pages with page numbering):**
```bash
typst compile main.typ page-{0p}-of-{t}.png
```
This creates files like `page-01-of-10.png`, `page-02-of-10.png`, etc.

**HTML:**
```bash
typst compile main.typ output.html
```

### Watch Mode

For automatic recompilation on file changes:

```bash
typst watch main.typ doc/main-{p}.svg
```

## Project Structure

```
.
├── main.typ                 # Main document file
├── glossary.typ            # Glossary definitions
├── references.bib          # Bibliography references
├── LICENSE                 # License file
├── doc/                    # Compiled document outputs
│   ├── main-1.svg         # Page 1 (SVG format)
│   ├── main-2.svg         # Page 2
│   └── ...                # Additional pages
├── assets/
│   ├── logo/              # Logo assets
│   └── schema/            # Schema diagrams
│       ├── code/          # Mermaid diagram source files
│       └── image/         # Compiled diagram images
└── content/
    └── cover.typ          # Cover page template
```

## Document Features

- Professional typography with custom fonts (Noto Serif/Sans, DejaVu Serif/Sans)
- Hierarchical heading numbering
- Automated table of contents
- List of figures
- Glossary with cross-references
- IEEE-style bibliography
- Schema diagrams and illustrations

## Document Preview

<details open>
<summary>Click to expand/collapse document pages</summary>

### Page 1 - Cover
![Page 1](doc/main-1.svg)

### Page 2
![Page 2](doc/main-2.svg)

### Page 3
![Page 3](doc/main-3.svg)

### Page 4
![Page 4](doc/main-4.svg)

### Page 5
![Page 5](doc/main-5.svg)

### Page 6
![Page 6](doc/main-6.svg)

### Page 7
![Page 7](doc/main-7.svg)

### Page 8
![Page 8](doc/main-8.svg)

### Page 9
![Page 9](doc/main-9.svg)

### Page 10
![Page 10](doc/main-10.svg)

### Page 11
![Page 11](doc/main-11.svg)

### Page 12
![Page 12](doc/main-12.svg)

### Page 13
![Page 13](doc/main-13.svg)

### Page 14
![Page 14](doc/main-14.svg)

### Page 15
![Page 15](doc/main-15.svg)

</details>

## License

**Proprietary and Confidential**

Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved.

This document and all associated materials are the exclusive property of the author. No part of this document may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the copyright holder.

### Rights and Usage

1. **Ownership**: The author retains full and exclusive ownership of all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary rights.

2. **Conditional Grant**: The author may, at their sole discretion, grant temporary, revocable, and non-transferable rights to third parties (including but not limited to employers, contractors, or business partners) to use, modify, or distribute this work.

3. **Revocation**: Any granted rights are conditional and may be revoked by the author at any time, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon revocation, all rights immediately revert to the author, and the recipient must cease all use and return or destroy all copies.

4. **No Transfer**: Any rights granted are personal to the recipient and may not be sublicensed, assigned, or transferred to any other party without explicit written consent from the author.

5. **Employment Independence**: Rights granted to an employer or company are contingent upon the author's continued association with that entity. Upon termination of employment or contractual relationship (whether voluntary or involuntary), all granted rights automatically and immediately terminate, and the author retains full control of the work.

6. **Modification**: The author reserves the right to modify, relicense, or change the terms of this license at any time.

### Disclaimer

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

Commit message:

Update LICENSE and README to clarify ownership and third-party materials usage

README.md, after:

# Inter-Planetary Content Delivery (IPCD)

**Technical Whitepaper**

A client-driven performance optimization protocol for the Neova decentralized storage network, transforming it into an intelligent, native Content Delivery Network (CDN).

## Overview

IPCD transforms Neova's robust decentralized storage network into an intelligent CDN by shifting the paradigm of network routing from a centralized server-side model to a dynamic, client-driven one. By allowing clients to algorithmically benchmark and select the optimal data retrieval path in real-time, IPCD fundamentally enhances performance, fortifies network resilience, and actualizes the promise of true decentralization.

## Compiling the Document

This document is written in [Typst](https://typst.app/), a modern markup-based typesetting system.

### Prerequisites

- Install Typst: Follow the installation instructions at [https://github.com/typst/typst](https://github.com/typst/typst)

### Compilation Commands

#### Compile to PDF

```bash
typst compile main.typ main.pdf
```

#### Compile to SVG (for web display)

```bash
typst compile main.typ doc/main-{p}.svg
```

This generates separate SVG files for each page in the `doc/` folder (`doc/main-1.svg`, `doc/main-2.svg`, etc.).

#### Compile to Other Formats

**PNG (multiple pages with page numbering):**
```bash
typst compile main.typ page-{0p}-of-{t}.png
```
This creates files like `page-01-of-10.png`, `page-02-of-10.png`, etc.

**HTML:**
```bash
typst compile main.typ output.html
```

### Watch Mode

For automatic recompilation on file changes:

```bash
typst watch main.typ doc/main-{p}.svg
```

## Project Structure

```
.
├── main.typ                 # Main document file
├── glossary.typ            # Glossary definitions
├── references.bib          # Bibliography references
├── LICENSE                 # License file
├── doc/                    # Compiled document outputs
│   ├── main-1.svg         # Page 1 (SVG format)
│   ├── main-2.svg         # Page 2
│   └── ...                # Additional pages
├── assets/
│   ├── logo/              # Logo assets
│   └── schema/            # Schema diagrams
│       ├── code/          # Mermaid diagram source files
│       └── image/         # Compiled diagram images
└── content/
    └── cover.typ          # Cover page template
```

## Document Features

- Professional typography with custom fonts (Noto Serif/Sans, DejaVu Serif/Sans)
- Hierarchical heading numbering
- Automated table of contents
- List of figures
- Glossary with cross-references
- IEEE-style bibliography
- Schema diagrams and illustrations

## Document Preview

<details open>
<summary>Click to expand/collapse document pages</summary>

### Page 1 - Cover
![Page 1](doc/main-1.svg)

### Page 2
![Page 2](doc/main-2.svg)

### Page 3
![Page 3](doc/main-3.svg)

### Page 4
![Page 4](doc/main-4.svg)

### Page 5
![Page 5](doc/main-5.svg)

### Page 6
![Page 6](doc/main-6.svg)

### Page 7
![Page 7](doc/main-7.svg)

### Page 8
![Page 8](doc/main-8.svg)

### Page 9
![Page 9](doc/main-9.svg)

### Page 10
![Page 10](doc/main-10.svg)

### Page 11
![Page 11](doc/main-11.svg)

### Page 12
![Page 12](doc/main-12.svg)

### Page 13
![Page 13](doc/main-13.svg)

### Page 14
![Page 14](doc/main-14.svg)

### Page 15
![Page 15](doc/main-15.svg)

</details>

## License

**Proprietary and Confidential**

Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved.

This document and all associated materials are the exclusive property of the author. No part of this document may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the copyright holder.

### Rights and Usage

1. **Ownership**: The author retains full and exclusive ownership of all intellectual property rights to the original work, including but not limited to copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary rights.

2. **Third-Party Materials**: Certain logos, trademarks, and brand materials contained within this document are the property of their respective owners. The author makes no claim of ownership over such third-party materials. Company names and trademarks are referenced for descriptive purposes only.

3. **Conditional Grant**: The author may, at their sole discretion, grant temporary, revocable, and non-transferable rights to third parties (including but not limited to employers, contractors, or business partners) to use, modify, or distribute this work.

4. **Revocation**: Any granted rights are conditional and may be revoked by the author at any time, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon revocation, all rights immediately revert to the author, and the recipient must cease all use and return or destroy all copies.

5. **No Transfer**: Any rights granted are personal to the recipient and may not be sublicensed, assigned, or transferred to any other party without explicit written consent from the author.

6. **Employment Independence**: Rights granted to an employer or company are contingent upon the author's continued association with that entity. Upon termination of employment or contractual relationship (whether voluntary or involuntary), all granted rights automatically and immediately terminate, and the author retains full control of their original work (excluding third-party materials owned by the company).

7. **Modification**: The author reserves the right to modify, relicense, or change the terms of this license at any time.

### Disclaimer

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
